Xsup 40686 rasterize (#35957)
demisto/content: Packs/rasterize/ReleaseNotes/2_0_24.md

#### Integrations

##### Rasterize

> - Fixed an issue where using the ***rasterize*** command after reaching the **max rasterize connections** would return the error message "Could not use local Chrome for rasterize command."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where utilizing the ***rasterize*** command after reaching the **max rasterize connections** would result in the error message "Could not use local Chrome for rasterize command."
```

> - Fixed an issue where utilizing the ***rasterize*** command after reaching the **max rasterize connections** would result in the error message "Could not use local Chrome for rasterize command."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where utilizing the ***rasterize*** command after reaching the **max rasterize connections** would result in the error message "Could not use local Chrome for rasterize command."
```
